¶I. Explosion
In the year 4690, not far from Orion, in the constellation Eridanus, near the star Epsilon Eridani, radars detected a massive explosion, after which asteroid belts and cosmic dust formed around hundreds of systems within the constellation. 
For the Earth factions, this area was previously completely uninteresting, so they signed the Eridani Treaty, an agreement to keep the peace in the sectors. 
Due to this treaty, the humans blame the Halo Corsairs.
After this incident, the Halo Corsairs declared that they were innocent, and that it was caused by unknown aliens, who were very dangerous to contact. 
Despite this claim, however, the Corsairs knew nothing about the explosion. 
But pirates are looking for adventure, and maybe.. victims of robbery. 
They sent a transmission to the Earthling factions, claiming it was an ancient, extremely dangerous civilization. 
The Earth factions, distracted, don’t notice Corsair scouts slipping into the sector.
The Green Eagles believed the Corsairs, and just in case, begin to raise an army for defense from their fleets in Centauri. 
The NWAC stated that they all need to act and bring peace to the galaxy! 
After weeks of negotiating, they decided to keep the peace…

¶II. Falsehood
The main advantages of the Green Eagles are exploration and patrol. 
They detected NWAC and Corsair scout ships near the neutral sector Beta, the closest star to Orion in the constellation Eridanus. 
The parties were immediately called to UNGE base for negotiations. 
As a result, information about the plans of the Corsairs was revealed. 
The New World Army Citizens admitted that they had discovered large deposits of frotmerium in the asteroid belt, and they wanted resources under the pretext of achieving peace. 
The government of the NWAC decided that its actions were humiliating, denied the existence of the Eridani Treaty, and declared war on the other two factions.
With the three factions once again at war, they begin to spread through the system, claiming territory. 
In only a month, the first skirmish occurs. 
An all-out battle is avoided, because NWAC had only mining ships in that sector, the Halo Corsairs only had light interceptors, and UNGE alone having several attacking ships in their hangars. 
But, as is often the case, a large-scale war can begin at any moment…

¶III. New blue
After the failure in the Beta sector, where the NWAC leaders suffered only defeats, the discontent of the citizens moved to a new level. 
If the government can't conduct a military campaign started by its own lie, as well as being unable to deal with internal problems, then it is not necessary at all. 
This is how the "New Blue Rebellion" group was formed. 
Of course, this group immediately became banned in the territory of the NWAC. 
They continued to work, but they couldn't receive funding now. 
After that, when the plans failed and they went bankrupt, a message came to the NBR headquarters...

¶IV. Deal
After reading the message, the members of the faction held a council. 
They were faced with a question: do they agree to receive funding from the enemy leaders of the UNGE?
 Space may be huge, but if someone found out they were connected to the enemy, they would be considered traitors, and it would be a disaster. 
Yet if they refuse, there is a chance of dissolution of the headquarters due to lack of resources. 
After much discussion, they decided to accept the money, but with a radical condition: if they seized power, they could continue the war in the constellation Eridanus. 
They were sure that this way they could organize an excellent army in contrast to their predecessors, continue to extract frotmerium, and get ahead of other factions by exploring the planet nearest to where the explosion was detected. 
After this, they will take care of internal affairs.
 At the same time, all questions about sponsorship from eagles will disappear, and they won't lose the support of citizens.
The greens agreed; they were ready to do anything to make the situation in the war unstable. 
Time played the biggest role for them. 
The change of power, the difficult communication between the NWAC fleet in Eridanus and the NBR headquarters would give them victory. 
The deal was done, and each side was confident and thought it had outwitted the other...

¶V. Changes
As a result, under a secret agreement, the New Blue Rebellion received a large sum of money and a small fleet of elite ships: Gallus-X, Pulse-Warrior, and the latest Howler. 
Several months later, mass uprisings led by the NBR began in blue territory, leading to the government's collapse. 
The New Blue Rebellion began conducting a hidden militarization for battle in Mu sector, realizing that it was impossible to take victory with only mining ships. 
The ships were scheduled to arrive at sector Pi.
UNGE did the same, adding several types of ships to their hangars. 
The battle continues, but only gaining momentum...

¶VI. Chaos
The factions are reaching the Epsilon sector. 
The corsairs ventured to go to the only planet in the system that could not even be called a planet. 
It was a mess of huge boulders and small fragments, scattered throughout the orbit after the use of an unknown super-powered weapon. 
Their new tiny Pulse-warriors could pass the obstacle, but they were attacked by drones, simply called aliens. 
Reds were trying to exterminate them for a long time. 
After all, the thirst to destroy is in their blood! 
But later they realized that this is meaningless, the forces are not equal. 
They decided to retreat.
Earthlings were afraid to fly aside from the planet and went through open space, later peacefully dispersed in different ways since the secret agreement was still in force, but they were against unnecessary losses. 
With every day they saw that the level of space dust, debris, small asteroids, and radiation was increasing!
The headquarters of UNGE and NBR also found out about a large number of aliens in the Pi sector so they immediately ordered to use the additional ships, "Alien Intrusion" of the first specification.

¶VII. Clash
It turned out that by coincidence everything ended up in the meeting of all the factions in the same place. 
Nervous of the directions and condemnation of governments, they decided to begin a fight, most likely the last for the majority of pilots.
Strategy is crucial, as was the stealth of ships among the debris. 
With a game of hide-and-seek, the factions went very close to the star, a flurry of asteroids is coming at the tired warriors...

¶VIII. Planet
Sector PI became a disaster for the human factions, they crashed in all the battles. 
Many lost contacts with the main headquarters because they were plunged into chaos, and no radar could find the surviving units of army. 
So many lost pilots, hoping that one day they will get help and will be able to transmit information to the command, went to the exploded planet.

¶From the ex NBR pilot's description of the planet Epsilon Eridani ß:
I was experiencing huge amounts of turbulence throughout the entire battle in sector ∏. 
I couldn't force myself to help the faction further. 
I had to go to a planet that was closer than the base. 
That's all I was guided by at the time. 
There was no time to build strategies.
Having landed on the planet, and recovered after exhausting battle, I began to explore the surrounding area. 
Among the giant craters, I saw a small group of native ships...
They said that had received a message from the government: the battle was ending soon, and NBR would not send any ships to rescue them, without explaining...
We only have to survive on this planet. 
We decided to split up right away.
The planet was blown up by someone for a reason, and if on the surface a lot of craters, then the civilization must be settled inside.

Having found a very interesting cave, I decided to see what it would lead to. 
At first, I thought that I would stay here forever, but it was almost like a labyrinth!
I found myself in a huge room that looked like something official. 
It seems that I am very lucky, I am in the main headquarters of the Department! 
My partners are probably exploring the rocks of minerals on the other side of the planet at the moment, haha. 
Here I will try to find important information about civilization. 
I received a message from the pilots, they said that all traces were covered, meaning it is the only heritage of the past, and I am the first who will know for what such costs and losses were!
I see in the interior of the image A-speedster, no doubt it's PMF!
Despite the fact that they planned to leave this planet without any trace, they wanted to leave a piece of themselves here, leave all the information at a small base in the South of the planet. 
I began to explore their way of life on this basis. 
Apparently, it was not the most important one on the planet. 
The first noticeable thing was too many A-speedsters! 
It was like a cult. 
Later I learned that they were forbidden to leave the interior of the planet, so space ship simulators were very common. 
I'm sure they were preparing real aces to leave Eridani ß forever and find some distant system to settle in. 
In addition, there were a lot of posters about mining and a great future after leaving the planet...
How did it happen that the PMF still exist? 
Briefly describing the archives, when the miners were abandoned in the fight with the Corsairs, they already realized that was not going to deal with the earthlings, and some fleet leaders announced the formation of their state. 
Some of them were put up for battle, but after that less and fewer forces were spent, because their fleet was already small.
By the middle of the battle, they were completely out of the war, declaring that there was nothing left of the army. 
PMF not considered Earth factions as friends, they felt betrayed. 
The yellows simply left the system and found a forgotten place - the Eridani constellation. 
There they settled inside the planet, saving the blueprints of several human ships for the future. 
For a long time, they were preparing to fly away and wanted to destroy the planet, at the same time test new weapons... 
This would have been a possible reality if they hadn't been too late...

¶IX. Interception.
While the earthlings were rebuilding the army, the corsairs began a blockade of the planet, capturing all the surviving soldiers who tried to fly into outer space. 
And suddenly they came across a small group of yellow Toscains, who for some reason lagged behind the main group of wanderers. 
Having understood who each of the factions was dealing with, a desire to destroy burned inside each of them, as if it were 4337 again, and the bloody massacre at Proxima Centauri...

¶X. First unifying
After the battle in Epsilon, the New Blue Rebellion saw potential in the PMF faction, and a course was taken to gradually appease the faction relationships. 
They did not participate in the war, but they were unpleasant to each other, they understood that even for such a long time, the story of how the miners in Proxima B were abandoned by the blue faction is not forgotten.

But already in 4698, the NBR sent their ambassadors to the PMF base. 
They discussed the state of affairs of the PMF, how these human factions developed so far away from each other. 
After hearing the story of PMF, they all reconcile, and NBR gave the remaining blueprints of Starblast Tech corp. 
Ships, and promised to help one day find a suitable system for the foundation of a full-fledged civilization...

¶XI. Second unifying
By the end of 4698, although the battles had become regular and less intense than before, the Corsairs dominance was obvious. 
Wanting to be the most powerful human faction, each acted with emphasis against the other. 
Halo Corsairs took advantage of this struggle, and it was not difficult for them to win in the sectors.

The factions of earthlings came to this only by the 8th sector, but there are still two main ones ahead: Acamar and Achernar systems, which will be decisive, where the fiercest duels will be held.

In 4700, the Second Union was fully formed, uniting 3 factions: NBR, PMF, UNGE. 
The cooperation was beneficial: each faction, which had its own advantages, shared them with others, NBR supplied resources, UNGE showed its latest military developments, PMF organized a network of headquarters for training piloting spaceships.

For the star Acamar best suited ships is the "Intrusion 5.0" series, so it was decided to purchase ships exactly of this specification...
